ISS is proud to announce the arrival of
London's first luxury super yacht hotel
in April 2014 the son born London turned
heads as she cruised up the Thames
operated by ISS for 30 services 120
meter super yacht is a significant
milestone not only in facilities
management but also London's hospitality
and tourism sector after starting her
journey in Holland son bought London
sailed along the Thames to a temporary
berth before undergoing her interior
refurbishment managed by ISS in fact ISS
runs all aspects of sunborne London's
operation are fully integrated service
model includes sales marketing events
and the day-to-day running of the hotel
the super yachts final berth lies in
East London's historic Royal Victoria
docks alongside Excel London and her
arrival brings a host of valuable
business and employment opportunities to
the area to support the local community
ISS partnered with the East London
Business Alliance trick route more than
half of sunborne London staff a full
range of roles from housekeeping to
reception have been filled by local
residents in addition ISS is one of the
first employers in the London hotel
sector to pay all staff at the very
least the living wage sunborne London
offers 136 spacious Yaffe's bedrooms and
Suites over five floors with sizeable
entertaining conference and event space
she hosts conference rooms fine dining
restaurant bar auditorium
state-of-the-art gym and vast outside
decks and private terraces the recent
regeneration of East London and um para
makes it the ideal location for this
exciting new venture the hotel will
primarily attract corporate clients with
Excel alone expecting to welcome four
million visitors in 2014
son bought London's luxury accommodation
and facilities also provide the ideal
base from which to enjoy local
attractions positive urban regeneration
a pioneering the luxury hotel for London
and a new benchmark for end-to-end
facilities management sunborne London is
the perfect match for ISS
you